---
title: Genesis 1
slug: 01gen01
lastUpdated: true
prev:
  text: 'Genesis'
  link: '/mvb/01gen00'
---
# Genesis 1

## The Creation

1 In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. 2 The earth was empty; and darkness was upon the surface of the deep: and the Spirit of God moved across the face of the waters. 3 God said, "Let there be light!" And there was light. 4 God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness. 5 God called the light "Day", and he called the darkness "Night." So there was evening and morning the first day.

6 God said, "Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters." 7 God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so. 8 God called the firmament Heaven. There was evening and there was morning the second day.

9 God said, "Le the waters under the heaves be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear." And it was so. 10 God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters he called Seas: and God saw that it was good. 11 God said, "Let the earth put forth grass, herbs yielding seed, and fruit-trees bearing fruit after their kind, wherein is the seed thereof, upon the earth: and it was so. 12 And the earth brought forth grass, herbs yielding seed after their kind, and trees bearing fruit, wherein is the seed thereof, after their kind: and God saw that it was good. 13 There was evening and there was morning the third day.